these are magnetic filter adapters from
zoom and they could very well be my best
purchase ever if you like me shoot video
with a DSLR or large tipped camcorder
you know that one of the key things is
shallow depth of field which is achieved
with a wide aperture then then requires
an ND filter as you then know what an
absolute painting is to keep switching
filters so you most likely got a
variable nd fader they are of course
extremely expensive if you want a really
good one so you buy a pretty big one and
use it with step-up rings on all your
lenses and every time you switch lens it
is with some hesitation because you have
to evaluate if the lens which is worth
the absolute agony of unscrewing Andry
screwing that stupid fader when all that
is about to get at least a little bit
less painful the zoom system consists of
a little filter ring with a magnet that
you screw into the step-up ring or lens
and you also get a little adapter which
you screw on to the fader and then
okay let's take it one more time this is
by fs100 and it cost me more than $3,000
less than the c100 and I still wanted a
c100 just for the built-in Indies even
though the Sonia has much more other
features that I want but now I don't
really see the problem anymore the
question now is does it vignette it does
not on my fs100 nor on my sony an x5 t
on my full-frame yes if I use my 50
millimeter lens all is fine but if I go
wild with 24 millimeters there is some
vignetting I tested with the zoom lens
and it seems to start somewhere around
35 millimeters but for all of you out
there with a Blackmagic Cinema Camera a
pocket camera a GH 3 or gh4 alpha 7 7
and so on you're good to go
there are even versions for various
compact cameras such as the rx100 just
to make sure you really got it this is
changing filters from now on